docs: add troubleshooting (#7955)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/introduction/dev-environment-quick-start-guide.md

```
> **Note:**
> To know more about docker-compose commands do read [this guide](../how-to-guides/docker-developer-guide.md) 

### make dev error: [build_lang] Error 13 - can't write into /mnt/podata/data/Lang.openfoodfacts.localhost.sto

When running `make dev`:

```console
<h1>Software error:</h1>
<pre>can't write into /mnt/podata/data/Lang.openfoodfacts.localhost.sto: Permission denied at /opt/product-opener/lib/ProductOpener/Store.pm line 234.
</pre>
<p>
For help, please send mail to this site's webmaster, giving this error message
and the time and date of the error.

</p>
make: *** [Makefile:126: build_lang] Error 13
```

**Solution:**

> Use the powershell/cmd to run the make dev commands in windows.

Reviewer: I'm just adding a Makefile warning so that people use git bash console ! (It's too hard to support powershell/cmd using Makefile, and git bash comes with git).

```suggestion
Use the git bash console to run the make dev commands in windows.
```

Author: That's the problem @alexgarel when I use gitbash for "make dev" it's throw that error so, I have to switch to cmd to run "make dev"

Reviewer: Hum we have to investigate then… I just merged the PR which forces bash.
Can you try again (but using git bash) ?

Author: Nope! same result.
